#summary HOTween update history
#labels Featured

== v1.1.310 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added *ApplyCallback* method to IHOTweenComponent and ABSTweenComponent

== v1.1.301 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added *HOTween.GetTweensById* static method
  * Added tween ID to HOTween Inspector debug information
  * Implemented *lockRotationAxis* parameter for *PlugVector3Path OrientToPath* method-parameter
  * Added *LockPosition* method-parameter to *PlugVector3Path*
==== Bugfixes ====
  * OnStart callbacks are now called in the correct order even when inside nested sequences

== v1.1.202 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed bug introduced in v1.1.201, where animating a Transform property not included in the new speed tweens wasn't working

== v1.1.201 ==
==== New features ====
  * Tweens that concern Transforms (position/localPosition/rotation/localRotation/localScale) are now faster on all platforms, and WAY faster on iOS/Micro.

== v1.1.102 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added partial path methods (myTweener.UsePartialPath, myTweener.ResetPath).
  * Tweening on a path is slightly faster than before.

== v1.1.007 ==
==== New features ====
  * Implemented *HOTweenInspector*. Now, when in the Editor, clicking on HOTween's instance will show a series of debug informations in Unity's Inspector.

== v1.1.006 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed PlugVector3Path bug (determining if starting position was identical to first waypoint could give incorrect results, due to floating point imprecision).

== v1.1.005 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed bug where PlugQuaternion wasn't using "shortest" available rotation.
  * *HOTweenMicro only:* fixed HOTweenMicro not being compiled with correct symbols (MICRO compilation symbol was missing - bug introduced when moving from MonoDevelop to Visual Studio), and thus not working on iOS with max stripping level.

== v1.1.004 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed 0 duration tweens not completing correctly (and thus not dispatching OnComplete event).

== v1.1.003 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed PlugRect bug (y value was animated incorrectly).

== v1.1.002 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed OverwriteManager bug (identical plugins inside the same Sequence were sometimes overwritten if calling GoTo).

== v1.1.001 ==
==== New features ====
  * Tweens can now have 0 duration (meaning they will be completed immediately, as soon as they start).

== v0.9.008 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * "From" tweens now jump to starting position immediately, even if delayed.

== v0.9.007 ==
==== New features ====
  * Sequences can now be created without parameters.

== v0.9.006 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed bug which could sometimes happen when getting values on iOS (mainly a monotouch bug, but it's fixed now).

== v0.9.005 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed PlugInt bug introduced in previous release.

== v0.9.004 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added Init parameter which allows to activate the OverwriteManager, which will otherwise stay completely deactivated (and will ignore any HOTween.EnableOverwriteManager calls).
==== Optimizations ====
  * Various code optimizations and performance improvements by stfx.
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed bug in *PlugVector3Path*, where going to the end of a non-closed path would set the eventual transform orientation incorrectly.

== v0.9.003 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed bug in HOTween.PlayBackwards/PlayForward methods.

== v0.9.002 ==
==== Optimizations ====
  * Various optimizations (mainly to PlugVector3Path system) thanks to *stfx*.

==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed bug with OverwriteManager erroneously overwriting tweens in case Restart was called.

== v0.9.001 ==
==== New features ====
  * Implemented *OverwriteManager* (you have to call `HOTween.EnableOverwriteManager()` to enable it).
  * Added the *isSequenced* property to Tweeners and Sequences, which returns TRUE if a Tweener/Sequence is part of another Sequence.

== v0.8.142 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added *OnRewinded* callback.

==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed bug where *OnUpdate* wasn't called when calling *Rewind*.

== v0.8.141 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added *renameInstanceToCountTweens* parameter to HOTween.Init() (it prevents HOTween to rename its gameObject in order to show currently running tweens, even while in the Editor).
  * Added *PlayForward* and *PlayBackwards* methods to HOTween, IHOTweenComponent, ABSTweenComponent, Tweener and Sequence.

== v0.8.140 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added permanent HOTween mode, via *HOTween.Init(true)*. This will set HOTween not to be destroyed when all tweens are killed, thus reducing memory allocation and garbage collection.
  * Now HOTween gameObject is renamed to show total number of tweens only while inside the Editor.

== v0.8.132 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed PlugVector3Path OrientToPath bug introduced by Tweener.GetPointOnPath.

== v0.8.131 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed Sequence Append/Prepend not working correctly with speed-based tweens.

== v0.8.130 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added *WaitForCompletion* coroutine to Tweeners and Sequences. Can be used inside a coroutine to pause it until the tween is complete. Example:
    * yield return StartCoroutine( myTweenComponent.WaitForCompletion() );

== v0.8.125 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed bug with *LoopType.Incremental* adding an additional increment when the loop completed.

== v0.8.124 ==
==== Bugfixes====
  * Should have definitely fixed iOS error when tweening ints without directly using PlugInt.

== v0.8.123 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added *GetPointOnPath* method to *Tweener*.

==== Bugfixes ====
  * Possibly fixed iOS error when tweening ints without directly using PlugInt (though I still didn't have a feedback of its verification).

== v0.8.121 ==
==== New features ====
  * Added *enabled* property for Tweeners and Sequences (and IHOTweenComponent and ABSTweenComponent).
  * Added *TweenVar*, a class you can instantiate to manually control a float value as if it was being tweened.

==== Bugfixes ====
  * *OnUpdate* callbacks now work even for nested Tweeners and Sequences.

== v0.8.112 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Removed leftover Debug.Log message from *Sequence*.

== v0.8.111 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed bug where appending an interval at the start of a Sequence didn't work.

== v0.8.110 ==
==== New Features ====
  * Added *Incremental* LoopType also to *Sequences*. Please note that this is an experimental option: it works perfectly with simple Sequences, but you should check that your animation works as expected with more complex ones.

== v0.8.102 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed a NullReferenceException which could happen when killing a tween during an update.

== v0.8.101 ==
==== New Features ====
  * Added *Incremental* LoopType (as of now works only with Tweeners and not with Sequences). It creates a loop that, instead than rewinding or restarting at each cycle, increments the values each time (like 0 to 50, 50 to 100, 100 to 150, and so on). It works with all ease types and plugin types (even PlugVector3Path and strings).

== v0.8.019 ==
==== New Features ====
  * Added `IntId()` method parameter to TweenParms and SequenceParms. It works like `Id()`, but wants an int instead of a string, which makes it faster when you perform grouped ID operations, like `HOTween.Pause( myId )`.
  * Added `intId` property to IHOTweenComponent and ABSTweenComponent.

== v0.8.017 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Removed leftover Debug.Log message from *PlugVector3Path*.

== v0.8.016 ==
==== New Features ====
  * Added *PlugRect* plugin (thanks to Romain Giraud), which is now used by default with Rect properties.
  * Added lookAhead option in *PlugVector3Path* *OrientToPath* parameter.

== v0.8.015 ==
==== New Features ====
  * Added *HOTween.From*.
  * Now *PlugString* checks for null values and replaces them with "".

== v0.8.011 ==
==== New Features ====
More parameters can now be changed while playing, including:
  * *IHOTweenComponent*[_Tweener or Sequence_].timeScale, .loops, .loopType.
  * *Tweener*.easeType.

== v0.8.007 ==
==== Changes ====
  * Sequences are now automatically paused at startup (you will need to call mySequence.Play() to start them).
  * *ConstantSpeed* parameter removed from *PlugVector3Path*: now paths use constant speed by default.
==== Optimizations ====
  * Optimized drawing of path gizmos.

== v0.8.006 ==
==== New Features ====
  * Added *ConstantSpeed* parameter to *PlugVector3Path*, which animates with constant speed along the path.
  * Added *SpeedBased* parameter to *TweenParms*, to allow speed-based instead than time-based tweens (when using this parameter, duration is interpreted as speedxseconds).
  * String properties can now be animated using defaults (without the need to add PlugString).

== v0.8.005 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed iOS compatibility.

== v0.8.004 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Corrected bug where default loopType wasn't changed when changing HOTween.defLoopType value.

== v0.8.002 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed PlugVector3Path OrientToPath orienting on incorrect axis.
  * Fixed PlugVector3Path OrientToPath flipping orientation on certain conditions issue.

== v0.8.001 ==
First Google Code release
==== Changes ====
  * HOTween main namespace is now Holoville.HOTween instead than Holoville.Tweening.

== v0.7.301 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed delay bug (if delay was longer than duration, the tween would not start).

== v0.7.300 ==
==== Changes ====
  * *Warning!* EaseType enum values now start with an uppercase letter (due to the fact that EaseType is now a true enum, and relies on another class to store the ease functions). This means for example EaseType.EaseOutQuad instead than EaseType.easeOutQuad.
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Changing HOTween's timeScale doesn't affect eventual tween delays anymore.

== v0.7.202 ==
First release.