#summary HOTween Visual Editor update history
#labels Featured

== v1.1.010 ==
==== New Features ====
  * Added Autokill option (next to Autoplay button)

== v1.1.001 ==
=== Upgrade instructions ===
*IMPORTANT* updating from a previous version requires that you:
  # Import the new HOTweenEditor package as usual (a bunch of errors will appear in the console - just ignore them)
  # Proceed to delete the following directories:
    * Holoville/Editor
    * Holoville/GUI
  # Proceed to delete the following files:
    * Holoville/HOTween Extensions/HOTweenManager/Core/HOTweenPanelMode (pay attention not to delete the file with the same name in the.../HOTweenManager/Editor/Core directory)
==== New features ====
  * Inspector and window interface is much more neat and functional, and occupies less space

== v1.0.102 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed conflicts that could derive from having NGUI installed

== v1.0.100 ==
==== New Features ====
  * Added *OnComplete options* to the tweens

== v1.0.031 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed rare "cannot convert `Holoville.HOTween.Tweener' expression to type `Tweener'" error (in case other classes named "Tweener" - and not related to HOTween - were present in a project)

== v1.0.030 ==
==== New Features ====
  * Added eventual id to tween description (next to tween target) for better usability
  * Added duplicate tween option to HOTweenComponent
  * HOTweenComponent now stores a list of the Tweeners it generated (*generatedTweeners*) until it's destroyed
  * HOTweenManager component is now destroyed after initialization
  * Optimized destroy of HOTweenComponent
==== Changes ====
  * HOTweenComponent now creates tweens on Awake instead than on Start

== v1.0.020 ==
==== Changes ====
  * Now HOTweenManager creates the tweens *during Awake* instead than during Start, so if you use *HOTween.GetTweensById* during a Start method you will find them all

== v1.0.010 ==
==== New features ====
  * Implemented button that allows to duplicate full tweens and single property tweens (next to the delete - x - button).
  * Added full undo options.

== v1.0.002 ==
==== Bugfixes ====
  * Fixed "Cannot implicitly convert type `Holoville.HOTween.Tweener' to `Tweener'" error.

== v1.0.001 ==
Fully compatible with tweens created with previous versions of the Visual Editor.
==== New features ====
  * Implemented *HOTweenComponent*, a component which can be directly dragged on a GameObject to tween it or its Components.
  * Added Icons for HOTweenComponent and HOTweenManager.
  * Now HOTweenManager and HOTweenComponent are not shown as available targets to tween.
  * Various optimizations.